OCPBUGS-18774 - add oc patch command to mirror ztp image to  local re… (#64714)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-preparing-the-hub-cluster-for-ztp.adoc

-n openshift-gitops --type=merge \ 
--patch-file out/argocd/deployment/argocd-openshift-gitops-patch.json
----
+
[NOTE]
====
For a disconnected environment, you must patch the `out/argocd/deployment/argocd-openshift-gitops-patch.json` file with the `ztp-site-generator` image mirrored in your local registry by running the following command:
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc patch argocd openshift-gitops -n openshift-gitops --type='json' -p='[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/repo/initContainers/0/image", "value": "${LOCAL_REGISTRY}/${ZTP_SITE_GENERATOR_IMAGE_REF}"}]'

Reviewer: What should be value of  $LOCAL_REGISTRY and ${ZTP_SITE_GENERATOR_IMAGE_REF}

Please give sample examples for end-user reference.

-n openshift-gitops --type=merge \ 
--patch-file out/argocd/deployment/argocd-openshift-gitops-patch.json
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> For a disconnected environment, you must patch the `out/argocd/deployment/argocd-openshift-gitops-patch.json` file with the `ztp-site-generator` image mirrored in your local registry by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a disconnected environment, patch the `out/argocd/deployment/argocd-openshift-gitops-patch.json` file with the `ztp-site-generator` image that you mirrored in your local registry. Run the following command:
```

Reviewer 2: Also it's `ztp-site-generate` not `ztp-site-generator`

Author: done. Thanks.

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch argocd openshift-gitops -n openshift-gitops --type='json' \
-p='[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/repo/initContainers/0/image", \

> "value": "${LOCAL_REGISTRY}/${ZTP_SITE_GENERATOR_IMAGE_REF}"}]'

Reviewer 2: `${LOCAL_REGISTRY}` seems to suggest bash substring replacement but we don't set this up earlier in the procedure, can we simplify with `<local_registry>/<ztp_site_generate_image_ref>`?

Also, is the standard to lowercase user-replaced values? https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#code-blocks-command-syntax-and-example-output

Author: makes sense, Thanks

> ----
> 
> In this example, `LOCAL_REGISTRY` represents the URL to the disconnected registry and `ZTP_SITE_GENERATOR_IMAGE_REF` is the path to the mirrored `ztp-site-generator` image in the local registry.

Reviewer 2: There is a "where `<variable>`" construction that is useful in this scenario. You can see an example of it [here](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/scalability_and_performance/cnf-performing-platform-verification-latency-tests.html#cnf-performing-end-to-end-tests-running-the-tests_cnf-latency-tests).

```suggestion
----
+
where:
+
--
<LOCAL_REGISTRY>:: Is the URL of the disconnected registry, for example, `my.local.registry:5000`
<ZTP_SITE_GENERATOR_IMAGE_REF>:: Is the path to the mirrored `ztp-site-generator` image in the local registry, for example `openshift4-ztp-site-generate:custom`.
--
In this example, `LOCAL_REGISTRY` represents the URL to the disconnected registry and `ZTP_SITE_GENERATOR_IMAGE_REF` is the path to the mirrored `ztp-site-generator` image in the local registry.
```

-n openshift-gitops --type=merge \ 
--patch-file out/argocd/deployment/argocd-openshift-gitops-patch.json
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> For a disconnected environment, patch the `out/argocd/deployment/argocd-openshift-gitops-patch.json` file with the `ztp-site-generate` image mirrored in your local registry. Run the following command:

Author: That makes sense, yes.
Thanks @JoeAldinger  for the review

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch argocd openshift-gitops -n openshift-gitops --type='json' \
-p='[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/repo/initContainers/0/image", \

> "value": "${local_registry}/${ztp_site_generate_image_ref}"}]'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"value": "<local_registry>/<ztp_site_generate_image_ref>"}]'
```

Author: Thanks @aireilly
